Update documentation generation example in developer-notes.md (#337)
hebasto/bitcoin: doc/developer-notes.md

### Generating Documentation

Assuming the build directory is named `build`,
the documentation can be generated with `cmake --build build --target docs`.

> The resulting files are located in `build/doc/doxygen/html`;

Reviewer: nit...
```suggestion
The resulting files will be located in `build/doc/doxygen/html`;
```

Author: Done, thanks
